README.md, before:

<!-- Title -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://expo.dev/">
    <img alt="expo cli" src="./.gh-assets/banner.svg">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">Tools for creating, running, and deploying Universal Expo and React Native apps</p>

<p align="center">

  <a aria-label="Join our Discord" href="https://discord.gg/4gtbPAdpaE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/695411232856997968.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=000000&color=000000&logo=discord&logoColor=FFFFFF&label=" />
  </a>
  <a aria-label="expo-cli downloads" href="http://www.npmtrends.com/expo-cli" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/expo-cli.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=000&color=000000&label=Downloads" />
</a>
  <a aria-label="Join our forums" href="https://forums.expo.dev" target="_blank">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20Questions%20-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=discourse&logoWidth=15&labelColor=000000&color=000000">
  </a>

</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="expo documentation" href="https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/expo-cli/">📚 Read the Documentation</a>
  |
  <a aria-label="contribute to expo cli" href="https://github.com/expo/expo-cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md"><b>Contributing to Expo CLI</b></a>
</p>

<p>
  <a aria-label="Follow @expo on Twitter" href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=expo" target="_blank">
    <img  alt="Twitter: expo" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/expo.svg?style=flat-square&label=Follow%20%40expo&logo=TWITTER&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=00aced&logoWidth=15&color=lightgray" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Follow Expo on Medium" href="https://blog.expo.dev">
    <img align="right" alt="Medium: exposition" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Learn%20more%20on%20our%20blog-lightgray.svg?style=flat-square" target="_blank" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<a align="right" href="#">
  <img align="right" width="130" alt="expo cli" src="./.gh-assets/float-box.svg">
</a>

- [📚 Documentation](#-documentation)
- [🗺 Project Layout](#-project-layout)
- [🏅 Badges](#-badges)
- [👏 Contributing](#-contributing)
- [❓ FAQ](#-faq)
- [💙 The Team](#-the-team)
- [License](#license)

## 📚 Documentation

<p>Learn about building and deploying universal apps <a aria-label="expo documentation" href="https://docs.expo.dev">in our official docs!</a></p>

- [Using the CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/expo-cli/)
- [App.json Configuration](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/configuration/)
- [Building and Deploying apps](https://docs.expo.dev/introduction/walkthrough/#building-and-deploying)

## 🗺 Project Layout

<!-- Begin auto-generation -->

| Package                                                     | Version                                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [**`@expo/babel-preset-cli`**](./packages/babel-preset-cli) | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/babel-preset-cli?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/babel-preset-cli) |
| [**`@expo/config`**](./packages/config)                     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/config)                     |
| [**`@expo/config-plugins`**](./packages/config-plugins)     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/config-plugins?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/config-plugins)     |
| [**`@expo/config-types`**](./packages/config-types)         | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/config-types?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/config-types)         |
| [**`@expo/dev-server`**](./packages/dev-server)             | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/dev-server?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/dev-server)             |
| [**`@expo/dev-tools`**](./packages/dev-tools)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/dev-tools?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/dev-tools)               |
| [**`expo-cli`**](./packages/expo-cli)                       | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-cli?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-cli)                             |
| [**`expo-codemod`**](./packages/expo-codemod)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-codemod?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-codemod)                     |
| [**`expo-optimize`**](./packages/expo-optimize)             | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-optimize?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-optimize)                   |
| [**`@expo/image-utils`**](./packages/image-utils)           | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/image-utils?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/image-utils)           |
| [**`@expo/json-file`**](./packages/json-file)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/json-file?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/json-file)               |
| [**`@expo/metro-config`**](./packages/metro-config)         | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/metro-config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/metro-config)         |
| [**`@expo/next-adapter`**](./packages/next-adapter)         | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/next-adapter?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/next-adapter)         |
| [**`@expo/osascript`**](./packages/osascript)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/osascript?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/osascript)               |
| [**`@expo/package-manager`**](./packages/package-manager)   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/package-manager?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/package-manager)   |
| [**`@expo/pkcs12`**](./packages/pkcs12)                     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/pkcs12?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/pkcs12)                     |
| [**`@expo/plist`**](./packages/plist)                       | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/plist?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/plist)                       |
| [**`pod-install`**](./packages/pod-install)                 | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/pod-install?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pod-install)                       |
| [**`@expo/prebuild-config`**](./packages/prebuild-config)   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/prebuild-config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/prebuild-config)   |
| [**`expo-pwa`**](./packages/pwa)                            | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-pwa?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-pwa)                             |
| [**`@expo/schemer`**](./packages/schemer)                   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/schemer?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/schemer)                   |
| [**`uri-scheme`**](./packages/uri-scheme)                   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/uri-scheme?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uri-scheme)                         |
| [**`@expo/webpack-config`**](./packages/webpack-config)     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/webpack-config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/webpack-config)     |
| [**`xdl`**](./packages/xdl)                                 | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/xdl?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/xdl)                                       |

<!-- Generated with $ node scripts/build-packages-toc.js -->

## 🏅 Badges

Let everyone know your app can be run instantly in the _Expo Go_ app!
<br/>

[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)

[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)

```md
[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)

[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)
```

## 👏 Contributing

If you like the Expo CLI and want to help make it better then check out our [contributing guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md)! Also check out the [Expo repo](http://github.com/expo/expo) to work on the Expo docs, modules, and components in the Expo SDK.

## ❓ FAQ

If you have questions about Expo and want answers, then check out our [Frequently Asked Questions](https://docs.expo.dev/introduction/faq/)!

If you still have questions you can ask them on our [forums](https://forums.expo.dev) or on Twitter [@Expo](https://twitter.com/expo).

## 💙 The Team

Curious about who makes Expo? Here are our [team members](https://expo.dev/about)!

## License

The Expo source code is made available under the [MIT license](LICENSE). Some of the dependencies are licensed differently, with the BSD license, for example.

Commit message:

Patch the code that prompts for username/password from the CLI
The new code will call functions that we can define globally instead (`async _expoHacks_getAppleUsername(): string` and `async _expoHacks_getApplePassword(): string`).

I also updated the package.json to use our patched version of `@expo/apple-utils`.

README.md, after:

# 22 Apps Changes

Welcome to the hacks!

We needed to patch the code so that it asks for the Apple username and password from us instead of prompting the command line for them, since we run the program in non-interactive mode.

You can check the latest commits to see the code that needed to be changed. Also, refer to our [patched version](https://github.com/jamiesyme/expo-apple-utils) of the `@expo/apple-utils` package.

If you need to make additional changes, you can re-publish the modified `expo-cli` to git with:

```bash
yarn
yarn build
cd packages/expo-cli
npx gitpkg publish
```

Then you just need to update the app builder's `expo-cli` dependency to use the new git tag generated by `gitpkg`.

Good luck, and godspeed!


<!-- Title -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://expo.dev/">
    <img alt="expo cli" src="./.gh-assets/banner.svg">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">Tools for creating, running, and deploying Universal Expo and React Native apps</p>

<p align="center">

  <a aria-label="Join our Discord" href="https://discord.gg/4gtbPAdpaE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/695411232856997968.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=000000&color=000000&logo=discord&logoColor=FFFFFF&label=" />
  </a>
  <a aria-label="expo-cli downloads" href="http://www.npmtrends.com/expo-cli" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/expo-cli.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=000&color=000000&label=Downloads" />
</a>
  <a aria-label="Join our forums" href="https://forums.expo.dev" target="_blank">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20Questions%20-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=discourse&logoWidth=15&labelColor=000000&color=000000">
  </a>

</p>

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="expo documentation" href="https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/expo-cli/">📚 Read the Documentation</a>
  |
  <a aria-label="contribute to expo cli" href="https://github.com/expo/expo-cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md"><b>Contributing to Expo CLI</b></a>
</p>

<p>
  <a aria-label="Follow @expo on Twitter" href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=expo" target="_blank">
    <img  alt="Twitter: expo" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/expo.svg?style=flat-square&label=Follow%20%40expo&logo=TWITTER&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=00aced&logoWidth=15&color=lightgray" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Follow Expo on Medium" href="https://blog.expo.dev">
    <img align="right" alt="Medium: exposition" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Learn%20more%20on%20our%20blog-lightgray.svg?style=flat-square" target="_blank" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<a align="right" href="#">
  <img align="right" width="130" alt="expo cli" src="./.gh-assets/float-box.svg">
</a>

- [📚 Documentation](#-documentation)
- [🗺 Project Layout](#-project-layout)
- [🏅 Badges](#-badges)
- [👏 Contributing](#-contributing)
- [❓ FAQ](#-faq)
- [💙 The Team](#-the-team)
- [License](#license)

## 📚 Documentation

<p>Learn about building and deploying universal apps <a aria-label="expo documentation" href="https://docs.expo.dev">in our official docs!</a></p>

- [Using the CLI](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/expo-cli/)
- [App.json Configuration](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/configuration/)
- [Building and Deploying apps](https://docs.expo.dev/introduction/walkthrough/#building-and-deploying)

## 🗺 Project Layout

<!-- Begin auto-generation -->

| Package                                                     | Version                                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [**`@expo/babel-preset-cli`**](./packages/babel-preset-cli) | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/babel-preset-cli?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/babel-preset-cli) |
| [**`@expo/config`**](./packages/config)                     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/config)                     |
| [**`@expo/config-plugins`**](./packages/config-plugins)     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/config-plugins?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/config-plugins)     |
| [**`@expo/config-types`**](./packages/config-types)         | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/config-types?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/config-types)         |
| [**`@expo/dev-server`**](./packages/dev-server)             | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/dev-server?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/dev-server)             |
| [**`@expo/dev-tools`**](./packages/dev-tools)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/dev-tools?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/dev-tools)               |
| [**`expo-cli`**](./packages/expo-cli)                       | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-cli?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-cli)                             |
| [**`expo-codemod`**](./packages/expo-codemod)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-codemod?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-codemod)                     |
| [**`expo-optimize`**](./packages/expo-optimize)             | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-optimize?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-optimize)                   |
| [**`@expo/image-utils`**](./packages/image-utils)           | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/image-utils?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/image-utils)           |
| [**`@expo/json-file`**](./packages/json-file)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/json-file?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/json-file)               |
| [**`@expo/metro-config`**](./packages/metro-config)         | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/metro-config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/metro-config)         |
| [**`@expo/next-adapter`**](./packages/next-adapter)         | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/next-adapter?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/next-adapter)         |
| [**`@expo/osascript`**](./packages/osascript)               | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/osascript?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/osascript)               |
| [**`@expo/package-manager`**](./packages/package-manager)   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/package-manager?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/package-manager)   |
| [**`@expo/pkcs12`**](./packages/pkcs12)                     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/pkcs12?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/pkcs12)                     |
| [**`@expo/plist`**](./packages/plist)                       | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/plist?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/plist)                       |
| [**`pod-install`**](./packages/pod-install)                 | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/pod-install?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pod-install)                       |
| [**`@expo/prebuild-config`**](./packages/prebuild-config)   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/prebuild-config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/prebuild-config)   |
| [**`expo-pwa`**](./packages/pwa)                            | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/expo-pwa?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/expo-pwa)                             |
| [**`@expo/schemer`**](./packages/schemer)                   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/schemer?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/schemer)                   |
| [**`uri-scheme`**](./packages/uri-scheme)                   | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/uri-scheme?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uri-scheme)                         |
| [**`@expo/webpack-config`**](./packages/webpack-config)     | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@expo/webpack-config?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@expo/webpack-config)     |
| [**`xdl`**](./packages/xdl)                                 | [![badges](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/xdl?color=32cd32&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/xdl)                                       |

<!-- Generated with $ node scripts/build-packages-toc.js -->

## 🏅 Badges

Let everyone know your app can be run instantly in the _Expo Go_ app!
<br/>

[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)

[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)

```md
[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)

[![runs with Expo Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runs%20with%20Expo%20Go-4630EB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=EXPO&labelColor=f3f3f3&logoColor=000)](https://expo.dev/client)
```

## 👏 Contributing

If you like the Expo CLI and want to help make it better then check out our [contributing guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md)! Also check out the [Expo repo](http://github.com/expo/expo) to work on the Expo docs, modules, and components in the Expo SDK.

## ❓ FAQ

If you have questions about Expo and want answers, then check out our [Frequently Asked Questions](https://docs.expo.dev/introduction/faq/)!

If you still have questions you can ask them on our [forums](https://forums.expo.dev) or on Twitter [@Expo](https://twitter.com/expo).

## 💙 The Team

Curious about who makes Expo? Here are our [team members](https://expo.dev/about)!

## License

The Expo source code is made available under the [MIT license](LICENSE). Some of the dependencies are licensed differently, with the BSD license, for example.
